Let's practice using our template syntax to output some data.
Here are some exercises I prepared,
I'll quickly walk you through them and then in the next video, we will find a solution for that.
The first task should be rather simple but it's important to get these core mechanics right, here
I want you to output your name and your age,
both should be stored in properties in the data property down here.
I already created a name field,
well you should probably add an age field
and of course replace your name and your age with your real name and age
if you want to. Then output them up here in this paragraph, maybe using string interpolation, you will figure
it out. In the second exercise,
we want to have a little javascript expression in the interpolation syntax so betweeen these curly
braces, try to output your age multiplied by three here.
The third exercise then also stays in this corner
but here, I want to call to function somehow and output the result of this function here,
this function should give you a random number between 0 and 1. Bonus exercise which has nothing to
do with vuejs though, change this to output a random number between 1 and 100
if you want to practice some math and general javascript skills. Four, search any image in Google and then
make this image tag here display that image, of course not by simply adding the link here in the
source attribute but instead by storing the link in a property in your data which you then somehow
bind to the source attribute here.
The last exercise is to pre-populate this input field with your name,
we already do have this property down there and therefore make this input field show your name by default.
These are the tasks, I wish you good luck with that and I'll see you in the next video to solve these
together.